[EDU-3009] refactor: modified support tickets and BES (#439)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/services/support/technical-support.mdx

The response time depends on the type of Service Plan contracted and the severity of the support request. The time elapsed between the opening of the ticket and the start of actions taken by Azion is counted.

## Tickets

:::tip
If you want to open a ticket, see the guide on [How to open a Support Ticket](/en/documentation/products/guides/open-tickets/).
:::

There are three options available to categorize tickets into types:

- **Incident**: to report an incident, such as system failures or errors that require immediate attention.
- **Request**: to make a specific request, such as integrations, solutions, or new features.

> - **Question**: to clarify questions or concerns regarding the Azion Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Question**: to clarify questions or concerns regarding the Azion's platform.
```

### Ticket severity

The goal is to provide an appropriate response time to each case based on the impact on your business. Opening tickets with the correct severity level will help the team get you in touch with the appropriate support professionals and within the estimated response times.

#### Incident

The table below describes the severity options for tickets of the **Incident** type.

> | Severity | Definition |
> | --------------- | ---------- |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Severity | Definition |
| -------- | ---------- |
```

| System impaired | Non-critical functions of your application are behaving abnormally or you have an urgent development question using Azion products. |
| Production system impaired | Important functions for your application are compromised or degraded. |
| Production system down | You have no way around the problem and your business is significantly impacted. Important functions of your application are unavailable. |
| Business-critical system down | You have no way around the problem and your business is at risk. Critical functions of your application are unavailable. |

#### Request

The table below describes the severity options for tickets of the **Request** type.

| Severity | Definition |
| --------------- | ---------- |

> | General Guidance | You have a general request for the Azion Platform. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| General Guidance | You have a general request for the Azion Edge Platform. |
```

| New Feature | You want to request a feature. |

> | Solutions Labs | You want to request the assistance of a specialist. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Solutions Labs | You want to request the assistance of a specialist to propose a new solution. |
```

| CNAMEs already in use | You have encountered the error *CNAMEs already in use* when listing a CNAME in one of your [Azion domains](/en/documentation/products/edge-application/domains/). |

> | Integration Services | You want to request [Integration Services](/en/documentation/services/solutions-lab/integration-services/) to migrate your content to Azion. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Integration Services | You want to request [Integration Services](/en/documentation/services/solutions-lab/integration-services/) initiate a new integration with Azion. |
```

| Template (Preview) | You need a new [Template](/en/documentation/products/marketplace/templates/) to be added to the Azion Marketplace. |

#### Question

The table below describes the severity options for tickets of the **Question** type.

> | Severity | Definition |
> | --------------- | ---------- |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Severity | Definition |
| -------- | ---------- |
```
